[Docs] Update Carousel docs (#17)
Breinify/brein-api-library-react: docs/recommendations/carousel/carousel.md

# Carousel Props

* [component](#component)
* [loaderComponent](#loadercomponent)
* [getComponentProps](#getcomponentprops)

### component

> The props for your component comes from [getComponentProps](#getcomponentprops). This component renders each item in the carousel.

Reviewer: I think it would be a little more clear if it was something along these line.

```suggestion
A custom component that will be used to render a single item in the carousel. The props for this component are determined by [getComponentProps](#getcomponentprops).
```

#### Example
```tsx
function CustomComponent({ title, image }: any) {
    return (
        <div className="breinify-recommendation">
            <div className="br-rec-content">
                <div className="br-product-name">{title}</div>
                <img className="br-product-image" src={image} />
            </div>
        </div>
    );
}

export const CarouselTest = () => {
    return <Carousel component={CustomComponent} />;
};
```
### loaderComponent
Customize the loader component

#### Example
```tsx
function CustomLoader({ title, image }: any) {
    return <div>Loading</div>;
}

export const CarouselTest = () => {
    return <Carousel loaderComponent={CustomLoader} />;
};
```

### getComponentProps

> A function to filter props passed down to the `component`. `getComponentProps` receives all the props and filters it based on user needs.

Reviewer: I think a more accurate description for `getComponentProps` would be something like

```suggestion
A prop getter function to get the props that will be passed to `component`. `getComponentProps` is called with the one parameter: the recommendation result
```
